start with the title of 
CHAPTER 1: SCALE FROM ZERO TO MILLIONS OF
USERS

the content in the txt file belongs to the first post to ch1 theere will be multiple posts under the CHAPTER 1: SCALE FROM ZERO TO MILLIONS OF
USERS

Single server setup
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and building a complex system is no
different. To start with something simple, everything is running on a single server. Figure 1-1
shows the illustration of a single server setup where everything is running on one server: web
app, database, cache, etc.
To understand this setup, it is helpful to investigate the request flow and traffic source. Let us
first look at the request flow (Figure 1-2).
1. Users access websites through domain names, such as api.mysite.com. Usually, the
Domain Name System (DNS) is a paid service provided by 3rd parties and not hosted by
our servers.
2. Internet Protocol (IP) address is returned to the browser or mobile app. In the example,
IP address 15.125.23.214 is returned.
3. Once the IP address is obtained, Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) [1] requests are
sent directly to your web server.
4. The web server returns HTML pages or JSON response for rendering.
Next, let us examine the traffic source. The traffic to your web server comes from two
sources: web application and mobile application.
• Web application: it uses a combination of server-side languages (Java, Python, etc.) to
handle business logic, storage, etc., and client-side languages (HTML and JavaScript) for
presentation.
• Mobile application: HTTP protocol is the communication protocol between the mobile
app and the web server. JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is commonly used API
response format to transfer data due to its simplicity. An example of the API response in
JSON format is shown below:
GET /users/12 – Retrieve user object for id = 12
Database
With the growth of the user base, one server is not enough, and we need multiple servers: one
for web/mobile traffic, the other for the database (Figure 1-3). Separating web/mobile traffic
(web tier) and database (data tier) servers allows them to be scale